in the last video we talked about the
process of evaluating an anomaly
detection algorithm and then we started
to use some label data with examples
that we knew were either anomalous or
not anomalous with y equals 1 or y
equals 0 and so the question then arises
of if we have this label data we have
some examples that know to be anomalies
and something you know not to be about
nominees why don't we just use a
supervised learning algorithm so when we
just use logistic regression or a neural
network to try to learn directly from
our label data to predict whether y
equals 1 and y equals 0 in this video or
trying to share of you some of the
thinking and some guidelines for when
you should probably use an anomaly
detection algorithm and when it might be
more fruitful to consider using a
supervised learning algorithm this slide
shows what are the settings under which
you should maybe use anomaly detection
versus when supervised learning might be
more fruitful if you have a problem with
a very small number of positive examples
and remember the examples of y equals 1
are the anomalous examples then you
might consider using an anomaly
detection algorithm so having 0 to 20
maybe up to 50 positive examples might
be pretty typical and usually would have
such a small positive set of positive
examples we're going to save the
positive examples just for the
cross-validation set in the test sets
and in contrast in a typical normal
anomaly detection setting we will often
have a relatively large number of
negative examples of the normal examples
of normal aircraft engines and and we
can then use this very large number of
negative examples with which to fit the
model P of X and so this is idea that in
many anomaly detection applications you
have very few positive examples and lots
of negative examples and when we're
doing the process of estimating P of X
the fitting all those Gaussian
parameters you know we need only
negative examples to do that so if you
have a long- AIDS
in still fit pfx pretty well in contrast
for supervised learning more typically
we would have a reasonably large number
of both positive and negative examples
and so this is one way to look at your
problem in deciding if you should use an
anomaly detection algorithm or
supervised learning operable here's
another way that people often think
about anomaly detection algorithm
so for anomaly detection applications
often there are many different types of
anomalies so think about aircraft
engines you know there are so many
different ways where your crab engines
are going wrong right there's so many
things that could go wrong that could
break in an aircraft engine and so if
that's the case and if you have a pretty
small positive instead of positive
examples then it can be hard for an
algorithm difficult for an algorithm to
learn from your small set of positive
examples what the anomalies look like
and in particular you know future
anomalies may look nothing like the ones
you've seen so far so maybe in your set
of positive examples maybe you've seen
five or ten or twenty different ways
that an aircraft engine could go wrong
but maybe tomorrow you need to detect a
totally new set a totally new type of
anomaly a totally new way for an
aircraft engine to be broken that you've
just never seen before and if that's the
case then it might be more promising to
just model the negative examples with
this sort of a Gaussian model P of X
rather than try too hard to model the
positive examples because you know
tomorrow's anomaly may be nothing like
the ones you've seen so far in contrast
in in some other problems you have
enough positive examples for an
algorithm to get a sense of what the
positive examples are like and in
particular if you think that future
positive examples are likely to be
similar to ones in the training set then
in that setting you know it might be
more reasonable to have a supervised
learning out
they're not said of all the positive
examples looks to them you know the
negative examples and uses that to try
to distinguish between positives and
negatives so hopefully this gives you a
sense of you know if you have a specific
problem should you think about using an
anomaly detection algorithm or a
supervised learning algorithm and the
key difference really is that in the
null means tension often that we have
such a small number of positive examples
that is not possible for a learning
algorithm to learn that much from the
positive examples and so what we do
instead is take a large set of negative
examples and have it just learn a lot
the P of X from just a negative examples
of the normal aircraft engine say and we
reserved the small number of positive
examples for evaluating our algorithm to
use an either the cross-validation set
or the test set and just a side comment
about this many different types of
anomalies you know in some earlier
videos we talked about the email spam
example so in those examples there are
actually many different types of spam
email right there spam email is trying
to sell you things spam email trying to
steal your passwords
it's called phishing emails and many
different types of spam emails but for
the spam problem we usually have enough
examples of spam email to see you know
most of these different types of spam
email because we have a large set of
examples of spam and that's why we
usually think of spam as a supervised
learning setting even though only are
there many different types of smland
and so if we look at some applications
of anomaly detection versus supervised
learning we'll find that you know in for
detection if you have many different
types of ways for people to try to come
in frauds and a relatively small
training set a small number of
fraudulent users on your website do not
use a anomaly detection algorithm I
should say if you have if you're a very
major you know online retailer
if you actually have had a lot of people
or trying to commit fraud on your
website so if you actually have a lot of
examples but y equals one then you know
sometimes fraud detection could actually
shift over to the supervised learning
column but if you haven't had if you
haven't you know if you haven't seen
that many examples of users doing
strange things on your website then more
frequently for detection this actually
treated as an anomaly detection
algorithm rather than well supervised
learning hopefully other examples you
talk to a manufacturing already
hopefully you've seen more normal
examples and not that many anomalies but
if again for some manufacturing
processes you know if if you're
manufacturing very large volumes and
they've seen a lot of bad examples maybe
manufacturing could ship to the
supervised learning column as well but
if you haven't seen that many bad
examples of your old products do not do
this anomaly detection monitoring
machine is a datacenter making some of
the custom it's similar similar sorts of
arguments apply whereas email spam
classification weather prediction and
you know classifying cancers if you have
equal numbers of positive and negative
example also if you have many examples
of your positive and your negative
examples then we would tend to treat all
of these as supervised learning problems
so hopefully that gives you a sense of
one of the properties of a learning
problem that would cause you to treat it
as an anomaly detection problem versus a
supervised learning problem and for many
of the problems that are faced by me
know various technology companies and so
on we actually are in these settings
where we have very few or sometimes zero
positive training examples maybe they
just there's so many different types of
anomalies we've never seen them before
and for those sorts of problems
very often the algorithm that is used is
an anomaly detection algorithm